Adding 1.9 dbt-databricks documentation for new python model config (#6350)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/databricks-configs.md

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.9">

### Python Submission Method

> As of 1.9, there are four options for `submission_method`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 1.9 (or versionless if you're on dbt Cloud), there are four options for `submission_method`: 
```

> As of 1.9 (or versionless if you're on dbt Cloud), there are four options for `submission_method`: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In dbt v1.9 and higher, or in [Versionless](/docs/dbt-versions/versionless-cloud) dbt Cloud, you can use these four options for `submission_method`: 
```

* `all_purpose_cluster`: execute the python model either directly using the [command api](https://docs.databricks.com/api/workspace/commandexecution) or by uploading a notebook and creating a one-off job run
* `job_cluster`: creates a new job cluster to execute an uploaded notebook as a one-off job run
* `serverless_cluster`: uses a [serverless cluster](https://docs.databricks.com/en/jobs/run-serverless-jobs.html) to execute an uploaded notebook as a one-off job run

> * `workflow_job`: creates/updates a reusable workflow and uploaded notebook, for execution on all-purpose, job, or serverless clusters.  :::caution This approach gives you maximum flexibility, but will create persistent artifacts in Databricks (the workflow) that users could run outside of dbt.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `workflow_job`: creates/updates a reusable workflow and uploaded notebook, for execution on all-purpose, job, or serverless clusters.  :
::caution 
This approach gives you maximum flexibility, but will create persistent artifacts in Databricks (the workflow) that users could run outside of dbt.
:::
```

| `index_url`           | url to install `packages` from                                       | `None` (uses pypi) | ✅                     | ✅             | ✅                   | ✅             |
| `additional_libs`     | directly configures [libraries](https://docs.databricks.com/api/workspace/jobs/submit#tasks-libraries) | `[]` | ✅ | ✅             | ✅                   | ✅             |
| `python_job_config`   | additional configuration for jobs/workflows (see table below)        | `{}`               | ✅                     | ✅             | ✅                   | ✅             |
| `cluster_id`          | id of existing all purpose cluster to execute against                | `None`             | ✅                     | ❌             | ❌                   | ✅             |
| `http_path`           | path to existing all purpose cluster to execute against              | `None`             | ✅                     | ❌             | ❌                   | ❌             |

\* Only `timeout` and `cluster_id`/`http_path` are supported when `create_notebook` is false

> With the introduction of the `workflow_job` submission method we chose to segregate further configuration of the python model submission under a top level configuration named `python_job_config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the introduction of the `workflow_job` submission method, we chose to segregate further configuration of the python model submission under a top level configuration named `python_job_config`.
```

| Config                     | Use                                                                                                                     | Default | `workflow_job` | All others |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------------- | ---------- |
| `name`                     | The name to give (or used to look up) the created workflow                                                              | `None`  | ✅             | ❌          |
| `grants`                   | A simplified way to specify access control for the workflow                                                             | `{}`    | ✅             | ✅          |
| `existing_job_id`          | Id to use to look up the created workflow (in place of `name`)                                                          | `None`  | ✅             | ❌          |
| `post_hook_tasks`          | [Tasks](https://docs.databricks.com/api/workspace/jobs/create#tasks) to include after the model notebook execution      | `[]`    | ✅             | ❌          |

> | `additional_task_settings` | Additional [task config])(https://docs.databricks.com/api/workspace/jobs/create#tasks) to include in the model task     | `{}`    | ✅             | ❌          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `additional_task_settings` | Additional [task config](https://docs.databricks.com/api/workspace/jobs/create#tasks) to include in the model task     | `{}`    | ✅             | ❌          |
```

| [Other job run settings](https://docs.databricks.com/api/workspace/jobs/submit) | Config will be copied into the request, outside of the model task  | `None`  | ❌             | ✅          |
| [Other workflow settings](https://docs.databricks.com/api/workspace/jobs/create) | Config will be copied into the request, outside of the model task | `None`  | ✅             | ❌          |

> Here is an example using these new configuration options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example uses the new configuration options in the previous table:
```
